README.md, before:

# 🃏 Hover Card Effect with Next.js and Tailwind CSS

✨ **Dit project toont een hover card effect:**  
Bij hover vervaagt de kaart en verschijnt tekst.  
Gemaakt met [Next.js](https://nextjs.org) en [Tailwind CSS](https://tailwindcss.com),  
en gehost op [Vercel](https://vercel.com).

---

## 🚀 Installatie

Volg deze stappen om het project lokaal te draaien:

1. **Clone de repository:**

   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/jouw-repository/hover-card-effect.git
Ga naar de projectmap en installeer de dependencies:

bash
Code kopiëren
cd hover-card-effect
npm install
Start de ontwikkelserver:

bash
Code kopiëren
npm run dev
Open http://localhost:3000 in je browser om het project te bekijken.

🌐 Live Demo
Bekijk de live versie van dit project op Vercel:
https://light-dark-mode-toggle-eta.vercel.app/

📝 Licentie
Dit project is open source en beschikbaar onder de MIT Licentie.

✨ Veel plezier met het gebruik van dit project! ✨

markdown
Code kopiëren

### Wat is verbeterd?
- De codeblokken zijn correct opgemaakt.
- De live demo-link is duidelijk weergegeven.
- Onnodige tekst is verwijderd voor een nette en professionele uitstraling.

Laat me weten als er nog iets aangepast moet worden! 😊

Commit message:

README.md vertaalt naar het engels

README.md, after:

# 🌓 Light/Dark Mode Toggle with Next.js and Tailwind CSS

✨ **This project demonstrates a light/dark mode toggle:**  
With a single click, you can switch between a light and dark mode.  
Built with [Next.js](https://nextjs.org) and [Tailwind CSS](https://tailwindcss.com),  
and hosted on [Vercel](https://vercel.com).

---

## 🚀 Installation

Follow these steps to run the project locally:

1. **Clone the repository:**

   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/your-repository/light-dark-toggle.git
Navigate to the project folder and install dependencies:

bash
Code kopiëren
cd light-dark-toggle
npm install
Start the development server:

bash
Code kopiëren
npm run dev
Open http://localhost:3000 in your browser to view the toggle in action.

🌐 Live Demo
Check out the live version of this project on Vercel:
Live Demo

📝 License
This project is open source and available under the MIT License.

✨ Enjoy switching between light and dark modes! ✨

markdown
Code kopiëren

### Key Updates:
- **Language:** All content is now in English.
- **Structure and layout:** Follows a clean and professional format.
- **Live Demo link:** Provided and clear for easy access.

Replace the placeholders with your actual repository and Vercel links, and it’s good to go! 😊
